<div xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:o="http://openfaces.org/"
     >


<div id="Demo">

<h3>Nobel Laureates in Literature</h3>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" class="photorow" style="margin-left: 0px;">
<tr>
  <td valign="bottom">
    <h:graphicImage id="smallCamus"
                    url="../images/popuplayer/Camus_small.JPG" width="116px" height="129px"
                    onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoCamus').showAtXY(
                                                    d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallCamus')) + O$('popupDemo:smallCamus').offsetWidth + 25,
                                                    d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallCamus')) - 78);
                               return false;"
                    onmouseover="hideAllLayers(); O$('popupDemo:bigCamus').show();"
                    onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"/>
    <o:popupLayer id="bigCamus"
                  left="412"
                  top="318"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearCamus').show();"
                  onhide="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearCamus').hide();"
                  onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:graphicImage url="../images/popuplayer/Camus_big.JPG"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
    <o:popupLayer id="prizeYearCamus"
                  hidingTimeout="1000"
                  styleClass="year"
                  left="790"
                  top="318"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:outputText value="1957"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="bottom">
    <h:graphicImage id="smallHemingway"
                    url="../images/popuplayer/Hemingway_small.jpg" width="116px" height="129px"
                    onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoHemingway').showAtXY(
                                                    d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway')) + O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway').offsetWidth + 5,
                                                    d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway')) - 28);
                               return false;"
                    onmouseover="hideAllLayers(); O$('popupDemo:bigHemingway').show();"
                    onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"/>
    <o:popupLayer id="bigHemingway"
                  left="541"
                  top="320"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearHemingway').show();"
                  onhide="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearHemingway').hide();"
                  onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"
                  style="z-index: 100; border: 0px;">
      <h:graphicImage url="../images/popuplayer/Hemingway_big.jpg"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
    <o:popupLayer id="prizeYearHemingway"
                  hidingTimeout="1000"
                  left="779"
                  top="320"
                  styleClass="year"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:outputText value="1954"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="bottom">
    <h:graphicImage id="smallMarquez"
                    url="../images/popuplayer/Marquez_small.jpg" width="116px" height="129px"
                    onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoMarquez').showAtXY(
                                                    d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez')) - O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez').offsetWidth - 290,
                                                    d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez')) - 58);
                               return false;"
                    onmouseover="hideAllLayers(); O$('popupDemo:bigMarquez').show();"
                    onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"/>
    <o:popupLayer id="bigMarquez"
                  left="402"
                  top="326"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearMarquez').show();"
                  onhide="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearMarquez').hide();"
                  onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"
                  styleClass="bigimage"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:graphicImage url="../images/popuplayer/Marquez_big.jpg"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
    <o:popupLayer id="prizeYearMarquez"
                  hidingTimeout="1000"
                  left="877"
                  top="326"
                  styleClass="year"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:outputText value="1982"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="bottom">
    <h:graphicImage id="smallBrodsky"
                    url="../images/popuplayer/Brodsky_small.jpg" width="116px" height="129px"
                    onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoBrodsky').showAtXY(
                                                    d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky')) - O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky').offsetWidth - 290,
                                                    d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky')) - 68);
                               return false;"
                    onmouseover="hideAllLayers(); O$('popupDemo:bigBrodsky').show();"
                    onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"/>
    <o:popupLayer id="bigBrodsky"
                  left="408"
                  top="326"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearBrodsky').show();"
                  onhide="O$('popupDemo:prizeYearBrodsky').hide();"
                  onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true"
                  styleClass="bigimage"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:graphicImage url="../images/popuplayer/Brodsky_big.jpg"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
    <o:popupLayer id="prizeYearBrodsky"
                  hidingTimeout="1000"
                  left="883"
                  top="326"
                  styleClass="year"
                  style="z-index: 100;">
      <h:outputText value="1987"/>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td height="27" valign="top">
    <h:outputLink value=""
                  onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoCamus').showAtXY(
                                                  d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallCamus')) + O$('popupDemo:smallCamus').offsetWidth + 25,
                                                  d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallCamus')) - 28);
                             return false;">
      <h:outputText value="Albert Camus"/>
    </h:outputLink>
    <o:popupLayer id="infoCamus"
                  width="380px"
                  modal="true"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:bigCamus').hide();"
                  draggable="true"
                  modalLayerClass="modalLayer"
                  style="left: 0px; top: 0px;">
      <h:panelGroup>
        <h:outputText>
          <f:verbatim>
            <div class="biography">
              <h1 class="author_name">Albert Camus</h1>
              was a representative of non-metropolitan French literature. His origin in Algeria and his experiences there
              in the thirties were dominating influences in his thought and work. Of semi-proletarian parents, early
              attached to intellectual circles of strongly revolutionary tendencies, with a deep interest in philosophy
              (only chance prevented him from pursuing a university career in that field), he came to France at the age of
              twenty-five. The man and the times met: Camus joined the resistance movement during the occupation and after
              the liberation was a columnist for the newspaper Combat. But his journalistic activities had been chiefly a
              response to the demands of the time; in 1947 Camus retired from political journalism and, besides writing
              his fiction and essays, was very active in the theatre as producer and playwright (e.g., Caligula, 1944). He
              also adapted plays by Calderon, Lope de Vega, Dino Buzzati, and Faulkner's Requiem for a Nun. His love for
              the theatre may be traced back to his membership in L'Equipe, an Algerian theatre group, whose "collective
              creation" Revolte dans les Asturies (1934) was banned for political reasons.
              The essay Le Mythe de Sisyphe (The Myth of Sisyphus), 1942, expounds Camus's notion of the absurd and of its
              acceptance with "the total absence of hope, which has nothing to do with despair, a continual refusal, which
              must not be confused with renouncement - and a conscious dissatisfaction". Meursault, central character of
              L'Etranger (The Stranger), 1942, illustrates much of this essay: man as the nauseated victim of the absurd
              orthodoxy of habit, later - when the young killer faces execution - tempted by despair, hope, and salvation.
              Dr. Rieux of La Peste (The Plague), 1947, who tirelessly attends the plague-stricken citizens of Oran,
              enacts the revolt against a world of the absurd and of injustice, and confirms Camus's words: "We refuse to
              despair of mankind. Without having the unreasonable ambition to save men, we still want to serve them".
              Other well-known works of Camus are La Chute (The Fall), 1956, and L'Exile et le royaume (Exile and the
              Kingdom), 1957. His austere search for moral order found its aesthetic correlative in the classicism of his
              art. He was a stylist of great purity and intense concentration and rationality.Albert Camus died on January
              4, 1960.
            </div>
          </f:verbatim>
        </h:outputText>
        <h:commandButton value="Close" onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoCamus').hide(); return false;"
                         style="margin-bottom: 10px;"/>
      </h:panelGroup>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="top">
    <h:outputLink value=""
                  onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoHemingway').showAtXY(
                                                  d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway')) + O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway').offsetWidth + 25,
                                                  d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallHemingway')) - 28);
                             return false;">
      <h:outputText value="Ernest Hemingway"/>
    </h:outputLink>
    <o:popupLayer id="infoHemingway"
                  width="380px"
                  draggable="true"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:bigHemingway').hide();"
                  modal="true"
                  modalLayerClass="modalLayer"
                  style="left: 0px; top: 0px;">
      <h:panelGroup>
        <h:outputText>
          <f:verbatim>
            <div class="biography">
              <h1 class="author_name">Ernest Hemingway</h1>
              was born in Oak Park, Illinois, started his career as a writer in a newspaper office in Kansas City at the
              age of seventeen. After the United States entered the First World War, he joined a volunteer ambulance unit
              in the Italian army. Serving at the front, he was wounded, was decorated by the Italian Government, and
              spent considerable time in hospitals. After his return to the United States, he became a reporter for
              Canadian and American newspapers and was soon sent back to Europe to cover such events as the Greek
              Revolution.
              During the twenties, Hemingway became a member of the group of expatriate Americans in Paris, which he
              described in his first important work, The Sun Also Rises (1926). Equally successful was A Farewell to Arms
              (1929), the study of an American ambulance officer's disillusionment in the war and his role as a deserter.
              Hemingway used his experiences as a reporter during the civil war in Spain as the background for his most
              ambitious novel, For Whom the Bell Tolls (1940). Among his later works, the most outstanding is the short
              novel, The Old Man and the Sea (1952), the story of an old fisherman's journey, his long and lonely struggle
              with a fish and the sea, and his victory in defeat.
              Hemingway - himself a great sportsman - liked to portray soldiers, hunters, bullfighters - tough, at times
              primitive people whose courage and honesty are set against the brutal ways of modern society, and who in
              this confrontation lose hope and faith. His straightforward prose, his spare dialogue, and his predilection
              for understatement are particularly effective in his short stories, some of which are collected in Men
              Without Women (1927) and The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories (1938). Hemingway died in Idaho
              in 1961.
            </div>
          </f:verbatim>
        </h:outputText>
        <h:commandButton value="Close" onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoHemingway').hide(); return false;"
                         style="margin-bottom: 10px;"/>
      </h:panelGroup>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="top">
    <h:outputLink value=""
                  onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoMarquez').showAtXY(
                                                  d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez')) - O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez').offsetWidth - 290,
                                                  d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallMarquez')) - 28);
                             return false;">
      <h:outputText value="Gabriel Garcia Marquez"/>
    </h:outputLink>
    <o:popupLayer id="infoMarquez"
                  width="380px"
                  draggable="true"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:bigMarquez').hide();"
                  modal="true"
                  modalLayerClass="modalLayer"
                  style="left: 0px; top: 0px;">
      <h:panelGroup>
        <h:outputText>
          <f:verbatim>
            <div class="biography">
              <h1 class="author_name">Gabriel Garcia Marquez</h1>
              was born in 1928 in the small town of Aracataca, situated in a tropical region of northern Colombia, between
              the mountains and the Caribbean Sea. He grew up with his maternal grandparent - his grandfather was a
              pensioned colonel from the civil war at the beginning of the century. He went to a Jesuit college and began
              to read law, but his studies were soon broken off for his work as a journalist. In 1954 he was sent to Rome
              on an assignment for his newspaper, and since then he has mostly lived abroad - in Paris, New York,
              Barcelona and Mexico - in a more or less compulsory exile. Besides his large output of fiction he has
              written screenplays and has continued to work as a journalist.
            </div>
          </f:verbatim>
        </h:outputText>
        <h:commandButton value="Close" onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoMarquez').hide();return false;"
                         style="margin-bottom: 10px;"/>
      </h:panelGroup>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
  <td valign="top">
    <h:outputLink value=""
                  onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoBrodsky').showAtXY(
                                                  d_getElementLeft(O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky')) - O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky').offsetWidth - 290,
                                                  d_getElementTop(O$('popupDemo:smallBrodsky')) - 28);
                             return false;">
      <h:outputText value="Joseph Brodsky"/>
    </h:outputLink>
    <o:popupLayer id="infoBrodsky"
                  width="380px"
                  draggable="true"
                  onshow="O$('popupDemo:bigBrodsky').hide();"
                  modal="true"
                  modalLayerClass="modalLayer"
                  style="left: 0px; top: 0px;"
                  onmousemove="event.cancelBubble=true">
      <h:panelGroup>
        <h:outputText>
          <f:verbatim>
            <div class="biography">
              <h1 class="author_name">Joseph Brodsky</h1>
              was born in 1940, in Leningrad, and began writing poetry when he was eighteen. Anna Akhmatova soon
              recognized in the young poet the most gifted lyric voice of his generation. From March 1964 until November
              1965, Brodsky lived in exile in the Arkhangelsk region of northern Russia; he had been sentenced to five
              years in exile at hard labor for "social parasitism," but did not serve out his term.
              Four of Brodsky's poems were published in Leningrad anthologies in 1966 and 1967, but most of his work has
              appeared only in the West. He is a splendid poetic translator and has translated into Russian, among others,
              the English metaphysical poets, and the Polish emigre poet, Czeslaw Milosz. His own poetry has been
              translated into at least ten languages. Joseph Brodsky: Selected Poems was published by Penguin Books in
              London (1973), and by Harper and Row in New York (1974), translated by George L. Kline and with a foreword
              by
              W.H. Auden. A volume of Brodsky's selected poems translated in French has been published by Gallimard; a
              German translation, by Piper Verlag; and an Italian translation, by Mondadori and Adelphi. Farrar, Straus,
              and Giroux published Brodsky's acclaimed collection, A Part of Speech, in 1980.
              On June 4, 1972, Joseph Brodsky became an involuntary exile from his native country. After brief stays in
              Vienna and London, he came to the United States. He has been Poet-in-Residence and Visiting Professor at the
              University of Michigan, Queens College, Smith College, Columbia University, and Cambridge University in
              England. He currently is Five College Professor of Literature at Mount Holyoke College. In 1978, Brodsky was
              awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Letters at Yale University, and on May 23, 1979, he was inducted as
              a member of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters. In 1981, Brodsky was a recipient of the
              John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation's award for his works of "genius".
              In 1986, Farrar, Straus, and Giroux published Less Than One, a collection of Mr. Brodsky's essays on the
              arts and politics, which won the National Book Critic's Award for Criticism.
              In 1988 Farrar, Straus, and Giroux published a collection of his poetry, To Urania, and in 1992 a collection
              of essays about Venice, Watermark.
              Joseph Brodsky died on January 28, 1996.
            </div>
          </f:verbatim>
        </h:outputText>
        <h:commandButton value="Close" onclick="O$('popupDemo:infoBrodsky').hide(); return false;"
                         style="margin-bottom: 10px;"/>
      </h:panelGroup>
    </o:popupLayer>
  </td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>

<div id="Description">
  Place the mouse pointer over the image of a writer below to see the award won and the year of award in two PopupLayer
  components.
  The PopupLayer component displaying the year of award will be hidden automatically after a timeout.

  <br/>Click the writer name to display the writer&#180;s biography in a new modal draggable PopupLayer. Doing so will
  apply a custom style to all the visible
  part of the page that is not covered by the PopupLayer component. Click the <b>Close</b> button to hide the component.
</div>


</div>